♪♪
Hey, everyone!
I'm your host, Vince Vitale,
and welcome
to Chips and Chuckles!
It's an honor to perform
here at Quesadilla Joe's,
where Chris Rock got his start.
(imitates Chris Rock)
Actually, I got my start
in New York City.
But I love comedy night
at Quesadilla Joe's,
where you come for the chips,
but you stay for the chuckles.
(laughter)
Maddie, that's
our old pal Vince.
Vince was the helpful
airline ticket agent we met
when Maddie tried
to chase Diggie to Australia.
He was no help at all.
No, no, he told me
where the bathroom was.
That was super helpful.
(in normal voice)
Tonight's vegan enchilada night
here at Quesadilla Joe's,
which to Vince,
oh, that sounds so good.
But to Morgan Freeman...
(imitates Morgan Freeman)
That sounds like an invitation
to a long night of thunder
Down Under.
-(laughter)
-Good night...
and good luck.
(cheers and applause)
Hey! Vince!
Vince, do you remember us?
Joey! Maddie!
Flight...
241 to Milwaukee.
-(gasps)
-Vince never forgets a face...
(makes whooshing sound)
or a flight.
You were amazing up there.
Thanks.
You were amazing
sitting in that chair.
Thanks.
(chuckles)
It must feel so good
to be in such command
of the audience.
How do you comedians do it?
Well, we take everything
weird about ourselves
and (whooshes)
toss it out there.
For Vince, it's funny voices.
But everybody's got
their own kind of weird.
Oh, hey, Joey,
you have so much weird.
You could totally do that.
Using my weirdness
to work for me
instead of against me? Huh.
I've never really
thought of that.
Hm.
Could my greatest weakness
be my greatest strength?
Am I some kind
of comedy superhero?
(gasps) Oh, is this
my origin story?
Me? (chuckles)
Do stand-up? No.
G-- guys, no.
What would I even say?
Just talk about your life.
-You probably have more
to say than you realize.
-(sighs)
I mean...
the ladies in
Cat Appreciation Club
do find me fascinatin'.
See? You're a complete mess.
You're gonna be great at this.
(laughs)
(theme music playing)
♪ Better in stereo ♪
♪ Bet-bet-better in stereo ♪
-♪ I'm up with the sunshine ♪
-♪ Let's go ♪
-♪ I lace up my high-tops ♪
-♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Slam dunk, ready or not ♪
♪ Yeah, show me what you got ♪
-♪ I'm under the spotlight ♪
-♪ Holler ♪
♪ I dare you,
come on and follow ♪
♪ You dance
to your own beat ♪
♪ I'll sing the melody ♪
♪ When you say yea-ah-ah ♪
♪ I say no-oh-oh ♪
♪ When you say stop ♪
♪ All I want to do
is go, go, go ♪
♪ You, you,
the other half of me, me ♪
♪ The half I'll never be-e ♪
♪ The half
that drives me crazy ♪
♪ You, you,
the better half of me, me ♪
♪ The half I'll always need ♪
♪ But we both know ♪
♪ We're better in stereo ♪
"Boom or Doom
Chemistry Challenge."
Did you say "challenge," flyer?
Challenge accepted!
Boom or Doom is a two-person
biochem challenge.
The winning team gets
embroidered patches
for its lab coats.
We're scientists.
We take flair on our lab coats
very seriously.
Oh, hey, Val.
What's in the beakers?
One's concentrated fox urine
for enzyme analysis.
The other one's apple juice.
Shoot. I forgot which is which.
Lunch is gonna be exciting!
If Val's my partner
for the Boom or Doom,
there's no way we'll lose.
So this is how it feels
to have intellectual peers!
What do you say?
Me and you?
Friday night?
Seriously?
You and me?
I can't think
of a better pair.
Um, yes.
I'd like that.
See you later.
Well, well, well.
I had no idea
that my brother
was such a playa!
What are you
talking about, Munch?
You just asked Val
to the dance.
Hence the "playa"!
What?
No, I asked her to do
Boom or Doom with me.
No, you said,
"Me and you?
Friday night?"
And then you went like this.
Kapow!
You asked her
to the Boom-Shaboom Dance.
You said you couldn't think
of a better pair.
Parky, that is so romantic.
No!
I meant Boom or Doom,
not Boom-Shaboom!
She knows which Boom
I meant, right?
Why are there
so many Booms?
Well, they're both Friday night,
so you better
tell her that you meant
the chemistry challenge.
Joey, I can't do that.
If she thinks
I asked her to the dance
and I tell her I didn't,
she's gonna be crushed.
Yeah, well...
then ya better
clarify, playa!
Stop!
Hey, Val...
Hey, Parker.
I figured out
which one's apple juice.
I'm not gonna tell you how.
So...
about Friday night...
what-- where do--
what are you gonna wear to...
that thing...
that we're doing...
together...
with us?
The suggested dress code
is on the flyer.
One says "lab coat"
and the other says
"smart, festive,
dressy, casual."
What does that even mean?
You guys will never believe
what just happened.
Tell them, Ruby.
I got all A's on my report card!
-Oh, that's wonderful!
-Fantastic.
I mean, I just personally think
that that deserves
some kind of reward,
right, Aunt Dena?
It sure does.
What would you like, Ruby?
Gosh, I hadn't really
thought about it.
I want to get
my ears pierced.
-Oh.
-Ooh.
Well, it is a perfect time
for physical transformation.
Mars is in retrograde
and the mall is having
a sale on dolphin earrings.
Dena, this is a major
bonding experience.
There's nothing like
watching your little girl
march towards adulthood
by watching a complete stranger
jam a pin
through her ear. Mm-mm.
Yeah, and you know what,
you really are
in such great hands, Ruby.
I mean, when I was here before
and I was shooting
♪ Sing it Loud! ♪
your mom actually took me
to get my ears pierced.
No, no, no, no, Liv.
Actually, I took you
to get your ears pierced
when you were home
in Wisconsin on hiatus.
-Liv?
-Maddie?
-Dena?
-Dinner?
Spill.
Um...
Okay, so...
Mom, you didn't really take me
to get my ears pierced.
You took me.
But that was weeks
before I took Liv.
Yeah, it was.
But I wore a headband
over my ears
until the holes closed and then
you took me again as Liv.
Karen:
Now wait a minute,
let me get this straight.
You two pulled
a switch-a-Rooney on me
for one of the pinnacle moments
of a mother's life?
And her daughter's.
Whatever.
I just, I--
I couldn't wait, Mom,
so I convinced
Aunt Dena to take me.
(gasps)
I'm weak, Karen.
Don't let this tip your scale
into anger and darkness.
Oh, I will show you
anger and darkness.
In high school, Mom took me
to see Duran Duran without you.
(gasps)
Duran Duran was my band!
Not that night they weren't.
Oh!
What's Duran Duran?
Oh, um, it's sort of
like One Direction
but for old ladies.
Hey, Joe.
-Ready for your big
stand-up debut?
-Oh, you know it.
I've been writin' material.
Maddie, I'm startin' to think
that this is my thang.
(chuckles)
Yeah, that's right.
Joey Rooney got a thang.
Here to introduce
our next act,
Matthew McConaughey,
George W. Bush,
Charles Barkley,
and Adam Sandler.
(imitates Matthew McConaughey)
I believe it's gonna be
all right, all right, all right.
(imitates George W. Bush)
Looking forward to some
sweet jokification.
(imitates Charles Barkley)
I just hope this knucklehead
isn't terrible.
(imitates Adam Sandler)
Ladies and gentlemen,
please welcome
Mr. Joey Rooney!
(mumbles)
(cheers and applause)
Joey!
Um... so...
Um... hi.
My heart was beating so loud,
I could barely hear the vomit
coming up in my throat.
Uh...
I... I can't do this.
I'm finding my peace...
finding my center.
It's not working!
My conflict with Karen has
ravaged my inner tranquility.
Do you know
what would cheer you up?
Taking me to the mall
to get my ears pierced.
Ruby, I don't feel
comfortable doing that
until I have healed things
with my sister.
Putting a hole in your ear
won't fix the hole in her heart.
(gasps)
Wait.
I think I know a way
to make things better.
A little something
I like to call
"the empty gesture."
That sounds underhanded.
Go on.
Okay, so Aunt Dena,
you tell my mom
that she can take Ruby
to get her ears pierced.
My mom will appreciate
the gesture,
but she knows what a big
bonding experience this is
for a mother and a daughter,
she'll insist that you take her.
Boom! Hearts healed,
ears pierced.
Hi, girls.
Oh, you're here.
Thought you'd be out with Liv
picking out her wedding dress.
-Karen?
-Hm?
I'm going to make an appointment
to take Ruby to get her ears
pierced tomorrow,
but I think
you should take her.
It's only fair.
Well, that is
a very generous gesture.
Oh, please. I know
an empty gesture
when I see it.
I would love to take Ruby.
Oh, thanks, Dena.
You're a peach.
Joey?
What are you doin'?
I'm jumping my sadness away.
Why don't you come out here
and talk to me?
Hey.
So what happened?
(sighs)
Maddie, I choked.
I had no idea
it would be that hard.
I mean, all those people
looking at me.
I mean, I just kept thinking,
"What if they don't think
I'm funny?"
But, Joey, you're
a really funny guy.
Yeah, maybe when
I'm clowning around,
but stand-up is so different.
I mean, I gotta really put
myself out there.
-(sighs)
-It sounds to me
like you're kind of scared.
Yeah, well,
I didn't vomit in my mouth
because I was confident.
All right, well, um...
maybe I can help.
What's the thing
that scares you the most
about being up
on that stage?
Um...
I guess that people
will boo and throw stuff at me
while I'm feeling
naked and vulnerable.
Well done.
I am definitely feeling
naked and vulnerable.
Well, good, 'cause it is, uh,
time that you face your fears.
So...
tell me a joke, funny boy.
Okay. Um...
Knock-knock--
-Boo!
-What are you--
No!
You're supposed to say,
"Who's there?"
You stink!
Ow!
No! Why can't you throw
like a girl?
Like a what?
Sorry! I'm sorry--
I'm sorry!
Maddie, I'm sorry!
Liv, I've got a story idea
for an episode of...
you know.
♪ Sing it Louder! ♪
-Uh... yeah.
-Yeah.
-Sure, that's the one. Okay.
So this really cool guy
asks Sasha to do
a chemistry challenge with him
by gesturing to a flyer,
but the flyer is right next to
a banner for the school dance,
and he's not sure
if she said yes
to the challenge
or to the dance.
So, what do you think
the cool guy should do?
I need to know ASAP.
Hmm...
Wait a second.
You just said "I"
as in you!
This isn't a story idea,
you're coming to me
for girl advice!
I'm gonna go make
a pot of tea
and I'm gonna get
my pan flute CD.
Come on.
Liv, don't be Mom.
I guess I do kind of sound
like Mom. (chuckles)
I totally get her now!
She just wants to be
in our lives!
Liv talked about me?
What did she say?
Tell me anything!
I just want to be
in her life! (chuckles)
What if she wants
to go to the dance?
I don't want
to hurt her feelings.
Okay, okay, uh, okay,
so you do not want to go
to the dance
with this girl, right?
Right.
Why did you just pause
before you said that?
I-- I didn't pause.
You totally paused.
Wait a second.
Did you ask this girl
to the science thing,
and now you've thought about it,
and now you want
to take her to the dance?
-No?
-That was another pause!
It was a confusing question.
Admit it.
Okay, fine.
I didn't realize it at first,
but yes, I want to take
her to the dance.
(squeals) Okay, then
you have to let her know,
you gotta put on a suit,
you gotta show up, and you gotta
hope that that's the way
that she feels too.
You know what?
You're right.
-Go big or go home.
-Yes!
(squeals)
This is very exciting.
Please don't do the whoo.
I'm sorry,
it's mandatory.
Whoo!
♪ Parker's got a girlfriend ♪
Are you sure that
you want to go through
with this, Mom?
I mean, wouldn't it be better
to invite Aunt Dena
to go with you to get
Ruby's ears pierced?
No, it wouldn't, Maddie.
I'm Liv.
Are you?
Come on, Ruby.
Let's go.
You know what,
Aunt Karen?
I don't want to get
my ears pierced anymore.
It's gonna hurt
you and my mom,
and that'll make me feel bad.
Sweetie, I was trying to make
your mom feel bad, not you.
Oh... Dena!
Yes?
Did you get my silent messages
through the spirit transom?
Take Ruby to get
her ears pierced.
This is something
that a mother and daughter
should experience together.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
Oh, would you join us?
Well, I would be honored.
Oh!
Both:
Sis!
Sisters healed,
hearts mended. Let's go.
(sighs)
Hold it, Straight A's.
Did you just bluff my mother?
Hey, if I'm old enough
to get my ears pierced,
I'm old enough
to manipulate grown-ups.
Hey.
If Val shows up
in a lab coat,
I'm gonna look
like a doofus.
But at least I'll be
one fine-looking doofus.
Hey, Val.
Look at you...
dressed for
the biochem challenge.
Ouch.
Oh no.
(laughs)
So...
um...
that's a really nice lab coat.
Thanks.
Nice suit.
Did you think you asked me
to the dance?
Yeah.
I was... kind of hoping.
Actually...
I was kind of hoping too.
What do you think?
I don't usually do
smart, festive, dressy, casual.
You couldn't look more perfect.
(squeals)
Whoo!
Playa!
Everybody just cork it!
Shall we Shaboom?
We shall.
Glad you came back, buddy.
Look, everyone bombs
their first time.
Just remember, if a joke
doesn't go well,
hit 'em with
your Morgan Freeman voice.
No, Vince, I don't have
a Morgan Freeman voice.
(imitates Morgan Freeman)
Well, you best get one, sonny.
(laughs)
Because Morgan Freeman
will save you...
every time.
(laughs)
(imitates Morgan Freeman)
Maddie, I'm nervous--
(in normal voice)
Maddie, I'm nervous.
You know what?
You got this, bro.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Joey Rooney!
(cheers and applause)
Joey!
(exhales)
So, um...
so I-- I peaked physically...
very early,
like ridiculously early,
like when I was two.
(laughter)
-I, uh...
-(laughter continues)
Like seriously.
Like, when I was two,
I got these glasses, right?
And I've had these lips
since I was born.
I looked like
a cartoon character, guys.
-(laughter)
-I was adorable,
the epitome of cute.
And then from about
three years old to now,
I've kind of coasted
at middle-aged female librarian.
-(laughter)
-Which is fine. It's fine.
I just have, like,
this kind of face.
You know, like,
I have the glasses.
Like, I'm stereotyped a lot.
I was in my counselor's office
and we were
setting up my schedule
and, um...
and I was like,
"I'd like to be
in Advanced Robotics,"
and she goes,
"Mm, actually, I wouldn't
recommend Advanced Robotics
'cause the schedule conflicts
with the marching band."
And I was like...
"I'm in the marching band?"
And my counselor was like,
"(scoffs) You're not
in the marching band?"
(laughter)
I moved to LA,
uh, about four months ago.
I've lived here
for like four months.
It's different.
Like, I'm from Wisconsin.
Back in Wisconsin,
I'm a senior in high school.
I'm a senior
in high school here.
I was really looking
forward to being like--
It's how it works.
You know, I get downgraded.
Now I'm in seventh grade now.
But in California,
like, I-- I wanted--
I was looking forward
to being, like, the senior
and getting the, like,
Most Likely to Succeed
or whatever, like,
in the back of the yearbook,
and then I moved to California
and they are much different
than they were in Wisconsin.
I get to California
and it's like Best Vibes.
(laughter)
And like Most Likely
to Stick to a Juice Cleanse.
When I first got here,
I saw a lot of girls
walking around school
with like
"I Heart Nerds" shirts.
or like
"I'm Gonna Marry a Nerd."
And I was like,
"I have come to my paradise.
"This is it.
LA is where I belong!"
And then I found out these girls
don't actually like nerds.
These girls like hot,
muscular guys
that sometimes wear glasses.
(laughter)
And that is not the same.
Guys, not the same.
I, uh...
I'm turning 18 soon.
It's exciting.
A lot of new things
become available to me
when I turn 18.
Like, I can buy
a lottery ticket,
like, I can go
to real person prison,
(laughter)
That's exciting.
The stakes are high.
(laughter)
I can get a tattoo.
Yeah, I can get a tattoo.
A friend of mine
just got a tattoo
and got, um,
"To the moon and back"
in his mom's handwriting
'cause that's something
his mom said
to him a lot.
And then in
his dad's handwriting,
he got "Carpe diem."
And I was like,
"I love that idea.
I can do the same thing."
In my mom's handwriting,
I could get
"I love you like fire"
'cause that's something
my mom says to me a lot,
and then in my dad's handwriting
I could get
"Why can't you be
more like your sisters?"
(laughter)
Thank you guys so much.
I'm Joey Rooney.
You were awesome.
-Whoo!
-(cheers and applause)
Joey:
Thank you.
Thanks for kind of asking me
to the dance tonight, Parker.
Thanks for kind of saying yes.
By the way, you're not
a bad dancer for a scientist.
Thanks. You know,
I was gonna invent
a robot that dances for me,
but that just seemed rude.
So is there anything else
that you want to do tonight?
There is something.
We go in that
Boom or Doom
Chemistry Challenge?
Challenge accepted!
Oh, now I get
why you say that!
Vince:
(imitates Morgan Freeman)
You best get one, sonny.